Docs for xds removal and keepalive note (#8111)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/operations/upgrading/v1.13.md

* **New! Canary upgrades for Gloo Edge Federation**: Now, you can upgrade your Gloo Edge Federation installation in a canary model. For more information, see [Canary Upgrade]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/operations/upgrading/canary/" %}}).

* **Improved config validation**: By default, Gloo Edge checks the configuration of Gloo custom resources to prevent invalid config. Now, configuration validation is also automatically checked for add-ons such as rate limiting and external auth custom resources. For more information, see [Config Reporting & Validation]({{% versioned_link_path fromRoot="/guides/traffic_management/configuration_validation/" %}}).

> * **Leader election**: Now, the Gloo Edge control plane deployment supports leader election for multiple replicas of the `gloo` deployment. This way, the `gloo` control plane is more highly available by default. If you previously used xDS relay, you can uninstall that component, as the Gloo Edge xDS server is now highly available by default. If you already run multiple instance of Gloo Edge for high availability, make sure that leader election is enabled by setting the `gloo.disableLeaderElection` value to `false`.

Reviewer: I believe that we default to on for leader election. As a result, I like this callout that you need to set it to false, though if you don't set it at all that will be the same behavior.

Sometimes people have asked for the ability to disable leader election if they only have 1 replica. I think we'd benefit from calling out how to disable it, and perhaps when

Author: @sam-heilbron thanks, I revised this to clarify it's the default behavior, and also added disabling it to the installation guide if they only have 1 replica.

> * **Leader election**: Now, the Gloo Edge control plane deployment supports leader election for multiple replicas of the `gloo` deployment. This way, the `gloo` control plane is more highly available by default. If you previously used xDS relay, you can uninstall that component, as the Gloo Edge xDS server is now highly available by default. Leader election is enabled by default, so that you can run multiple replicas of `gloo`. If you want to run only one replica of `gloo`, you can disable leader election by setting the `gloo.disableLeaderElection` value to `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Leader election**: Now, the Gloo Edge control plane deployment supports leader election for multiple replicas of the `gloo` deployment. This way, the `gloo` control plane and its components, such as the Gloo Edge xDS server, are more highly available by default. During the installation, one of the gloo pods is elected leader. If the elected leader pod fails due to networking, configuration, or other issues, a new leader is elected among the remaining `gloo` pods.  If you previously used xDS relay to provide high availability for the xDS server, you can uninstall that component and use the built-in replica support for the `gloo` deployment. If you want to run only one replica of `gloo`, you can disable leader election by setting the `gloo.disableLeaderElection` value to `true`.
```

**Deprecated features**:

> * **xDS relay**: With the introduce of leader election for the Gloo Edge control plane, xDS relay is no longer needed to increase the availability of the xDS server. Previously, the xDS relay was a beta feature in Gloo Edge 1.11 or 1.12, and not available for non-default installation modes of Gloo Edge, such as REST Endpoint Discovery (EDS), mTLS, or Istio mTLS modes.

Author: ```suggestion
* **xDS relay**: With the introduction of leader election for the Gloo Edge control plane, xDS relay is no longer needed to increase the availability of the xDS server. Previously, the xDS relay was a beta feature in Gloo Edge 1.11 or 1.12, and not available for non-default installation modes of Gloo Edge, such as REST Endpoint Discovery (EDS), mTLS, or Istio mTLS modes.
```
